what's up guys my name is Tyrell and
I've got the Travelpro Platinum Magna 22
inch carry-on rolling garment bag here
check it out this bag is made out of a
tough and strong material that's gonna
keep all your items safe it's got a nice
little handle at the top that is lightly
padded for easy carrying as well as
these two little buckles they're gonna
count help keep everything tied down in
a little bit more secure there's a
telescoping handle compartment at the
top it's gonna make dragging us through
the airport really nice and easy it has
also got this nice large front
compartment which is gonna be great for
any small quick access items you need to
get to you can put your keys in there or
your cell phone in your wallet and not
really have to worry about it then in
the back you even got this nice little
ID slot that pulls up and you can throw
in any of your information like a
business card or something like that
that way if it gets lost or stolen
they'll be able to get it back to you
with your information it's also got
these really nice smooth wheels at the
bottom they're gonna just make
navigating just a blast with these and
then it's got these two little stands at
the bottom as well
so it can stand straight out without any
help once inside the main compartment
you see that we have a nice big open
area for all your clothing that has a
hook and loop panel that's gonna keep
everything nicely secure so when we move
it around inside the bag you'll be able
to hide your suits and jackets with this
nice little hanger hook at the top and
there are two pouches for any toiletries
or small items you also want to carry
and even the lid has two zippered
pouches for any other small items you
might need to care don't let your
garments get wrinkly pick up this
awesome a rolling bag here and you won't
have to worry about that from Travelpro